
Knotes 0.4
----------

New internal savings scheme. You must backup your old Knotes 0.3.2 or earlier
notes and cut and past their content from an editor into  a new Knote 0.4.

Bernd

README for KNotes 0.3

o Had to change the name to KNotes.
o Minor Bug fixes 
o A KNotes note remembers now its position on the desktop provided you 
  have kwm 0.7 p4 or newer.


README for KNotes 0.2

KNotes is my attempt to write a really usable and good looking notes  
application for the KDE project. KJots are great, but I am a "postit" 
man. I could therefore not resist to squeeze this little project in.

The first stage of the KNotes project has been completed. Most, if not all 
basic functionality has been implemented. The second phase of this project will
consist of attempting to closely integrate KNotess with the KDE desktop i.e
kwm and kpanel. Currently this integration has only been achieved in a 
rudimentary fashion. The reason for this is that I have reached the 
boundaries of what can currently be done with the kwm communication protocol. 

This brings me to mention the second and more serious reason for implementing
KNotes: to test and extend the kwm communications protocol. It is at present
for example not possible for a KNote note to remember its position and virtual 
desktop on exit and place itself exactly on the same position the next time
it is map onto the desktop. I am currently working with Matthias on this and 
similar problems.

KNotes can:

	o accept drag and drop (even from a remote ftp site)
	o mail your note
	o print your note ( try it, it looks great ;-)
	o insert the date or a calendar of the current month
	o associate an alarm timer to a note and notify you on expiry
	o have arbitrary colors for background and text
	o have arbitrary sized note
	o use an arbitrary font for a note.
	o do auto-indentation
	o do two different frame styles

and remembers all this on a per note basis on exit.

What is your opinion, should KNotes have a simpler window title-bar?

For optimal usage, place the KNotes icon on the kpanel.

To get started, point the mouse pointer on a KNotes note and use the right 
mouse button to bring up the KNotes pop-up menu.

You need to have sendmail up and running in order to be able
to mail you notes. Once kmail is finished this might change.

You need a2ps for printing. If you don't have it -- get it. 
http://www.enst.fr/~demaille/a2ps.html

(a2ps together with GNU enscript are the most essential printing utilities in 
the UNIX world. Make sure you know them well.)

Best Regards
Bernd 
wuebben@kde.org
wuebben@math.cornell.edu



